add one prod ready example (#166)
hashicorp/terraform-aws-vault: examples/vault-prod-ready/README.md

# Vault auto unseal cluster private with kms and acl for consul with encryption. PROD READY

> This example icombines the followings: Vault auto unseal - Vault private cluster - Consul with encryption and also adds some stuff that we expect in a prod ready working state, mainly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example combines the following: Vault auto unseal, Vault private cluster, and Consul with encryption and also adds a few items that we expect in a production Vault deployment, including:
```

* Secure instances using security groups and remove [0.0.0.0/0]
* Enable ACL on consul and pass the token in a secure way using AWS Secrets manager
* Enable encryption on Consul (based on https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul/tree/master/examples/example-with-encryption)
* Auto generate gossip_encryption_key and store it in AWS Secrets manager

> * Only allow ssh from Vpn server

Reviewer: Not everyone who uses Vault will have a VPN server. Perhaps this should be a more generic list of security group IDs to whitelist? You could put the security group ID of a VPN server in that list, or a bastion host, or whatever else your organization is using.

Author: Agree

* Creates an ELB in front of Consul instances

> * Creates an ELB in front of Vault instances

Reviewer: Why the ELBs?

Author: Could be any load balancer , to balance request and still have one record entry when having multiple instances?

* Removed the block for deploying cluster in default VPC and availability zones, this needs to be set explicitly to enforce security

> This example use Terragrunt to solve some dependencies but can by used with terraform also.

Reviewer: We probably should keep these examples to Terraform-only. Anything that works with Terraform works with Terragrunt, but not necessarily vice versa.

Thanks @mkrull for the ACL token provision

# HOWTO
* 1 - Run terragrunt
* 2 - run `vault operator init` on one of the vault servers

> * 3 - To login in consul look for master token under aws secrets manager 

Reviewer: Not sure I understand what this is saying. Could you try to clarify the language a bit?

Author: Sure, will change it to make it more clear. But basically it says that you need to ssh vault and run that command to get the token and that the consul token will be stored under aws secret manager

> # Vault auto unseal example

Reviewer: You already have a `#` (an `h1`) up above, so this should be `##`... And perhaps it needs a more specific title, as you already mentioned vault auto unseal example at the top.

to each enter a Vault master key shard.

This example creates a private Vault cluster that is accessible only from within
the VPC within the AWS account in which it resides, or other VPCs that are peered
with the Vault VPC. The Vault cluster uses [Consul][consul] as the storage backend,
so this example also deploys a separate Consul server cluster using the
[consul-cluster module][consul_cluster] from the Consul AWS Module. Each of the
servers in this example has [Dnsmasq][dnsmasq] installed (via the [install-dnsmasq module][dnsmasq_module])
or [setup-systemd-resolved][setup_systemd_resolved] (in the case of Ubuntu 18.04)
which allows them to use the Consul server cluster for service discovery and thereby
access Vault via DNS using the domain name `vault.service.consul`.

For more info on how the Vault cluster works, check out the [vault-cluster][vault_cluster]
documentation.

**Note**: To keep this example as simple to deploy and test as possible, it deploys
the Vault cluster into your default VPC and default subnets, all of which are publicly
accessible. This is OK for learning and experimenting, but for production usage,

> we strongly recommend deploying the Vault cluster into the private subnets of a custom VPC.

Reviewer: This is not accurate, right? Is this a copy/paste from the other auto unseal example?

Author: Indeed, removed.

> **Billing Warning**: Every time you create a KMS key, you're charged $1 for the month,

Reviewer: Because of this, all of our KMS tests take in a KMS key ID as an input variable. That way, we can create a single KMS key we use for testing, rather than a new one for each test run.

Reviewer: Ah, looks like you may be doing just that. You may want to explain that here.

even if you immediately delete it.

>  Private Vault Cluster Example

Reviewer: Another heading? More copy/paste below?
